welcome everyone to Lubbock Texas the
lights are off and shining bright a new
regime for Texas Tech as the Red Raiders
take on Texas Southern the United Spirit
Arena this is the progressive legends
classic well it's a good matchup that's
what Eric Murray feels more comfortable
as well Murray a little warm over the
stuff inside that Jordan quarter and
that's where the Red Raiders have done
most of their damage early this season
good pass boy that's blocks rejected by
half Silva
and Hanna's knocks it down
dusty Hanif goes inside the three-point
stride from the big 12 first time
they've ever played and launched off the
bench with Italy brace on his right knee
looks pretty good the freshman hold it
up and under yes tenant and the foul
Venus which rejected by Kravitz don't
sure lays it off and after glass
thank you let's do it too hard to
Crockett he's sure to some stuff inside
isn't he nice baskets by Eric Rawls head
Jake pocket
that was easy eight points now for
Crockett Rodriguez
by tap soba boy you talk about a block
shop
oh my goodness
God favorite 20 free-throw attempts for
Texas Southern for Texas tags
dr. Nussbaum actually he gives the Red
Raiders the lead again that's your
southern let's close the gap and rocket
yeah Murray four pounds maybe fence it
off that's all you got a dude who Texas
Tech and as gets another looks for a
raise
inside too so the longer follow back
turn until they fix my October's face
and is trying to get four three point
range and another is the season unfolds
for the season James pocket that'll go
Red Raiders and tubby smith beat the
Tigers in Mike Davis 82 71